README.md, before:

Work for the course "Mechanics of a rocket launch" led by assistant prof. Stoil Ivanov, PhD.

The original exercises are done and submitted in Python. This project is more of a fun way for me to explore Rust.

The modeling of the simulated environment is from the masters thesis of M.Eng. Viktoriya Todorova - "Изследване на възможността за изстрелване на космически ракети от територията на България" (Exploring the possibility for launching space rockets from Bulgaria).

---

                          . 
                         .'.
                         |o|
                        .'o'.
                        |.-.|
                        '   '
                         ( )
                          )
                         ( )

                   ____
              .-'""p 8o""`-.
           .-'8888P'Y.`Y[ ' `-.
         ,']88888b.J8oo_      '`.
       /' ,88888888888["        Y`.
      /   8888888888P            Y8\
     /    Y8888888P'             ]88\
    :     `Y88'   P              `888:
    :       Y8.oP '- >            Y88:
    |          `Yb  __             `'|
    :            `'d8888bo.          :
    :             d88888888ooo.      ;
     \            Y88888888888P     /
      \            `Y88888888P     /
       `.            d88888P'    ,'
         `.          888PP'    ,'
           `-.      d8P'    ,-'   -CJ-
              `-.,,_'__,,.-'

---

_-- ASCII Art by Christian 'CeeJay' Jensen_

Commit message:

Add HTML with Earth visualization

README.md, after:

# Model

Work for the course "Mechanics of a rocket launch" led by assistant prof. Stoil Ivanov, PhD.

The original exercises are done and submitted in Python. This project is more of a fun way for me to explore Rust.

The modeling of the simulated environment is from the masters thesis of M.Eng. Viktoriya Todorova - "Изследване на възможността за изстрелване на космически ракети от територията на България" (Exploring the possibility for launching space rockets from Bulgaria). [https://github.com/viikit/RocketModel](https://github.com/viikit/RocketModel)

# Visualization

Visualization of the simulation results is done using [WorldWind](https://github.com/NASAWorldWind/WebWorldWind) by NASA.

---

                          . 
                         .'.
                         |o|
                        .'o'.
                        |.-.|
                        '   '
                         ( )
                          )
                         ( )

                   ____
              .-'""p 8o""`-.
           .-'8888P'Y.`Y[ ' `-.
         ,']88888b.J8oo_      '`.
       /' ,88888888888["        Y`.
      /   8888888888P            Y8\
     /    Y8888888P'             ]88\
    :     `Y88'   P              `888:
    :       Y8.oP '- >            Y88:
    |          `Yb  __             `'|
    :            `'d8888bo.          :
    :             d88888888ooo.      ;
     \            Y88888888888P     /
      \            `Y88888888P     /
       `.            d88888P'    ,'
         `.          888PP'    ,'
           `-.      d8P'    ,-'   -CJ-
              `-.,,_'__,,.-'

---

_-- ASCII Art by Christian 'CeeJay' Jensen_
